#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   django
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
cryptography==41.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
django==3.2.19
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/common_constraints.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
edx-django-utils==5.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
edx-rest-api-client==5.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.in
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via pytest
future==0.18.3
    # via pyjwkest
idna==2.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via pytest-randomly
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
newrelic==8.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pytest
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pytest
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest-html
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pycryptodomex==3.18.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
pyjwkest==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/e2e.in
pyjwt[crypto]==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/e2e.in
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-html
    #   pytest-metadata
    #   pytest-randomly
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   pytest-timeout
    #   pytest-variables
pytest-base-url==2.0.0
    # via pytest-selenium
pytest-html==3.2.0
    # via pytest-selenium
pytest-metadata==3.0.0
    # via pytest-html
pytest-randomly==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements/e2e.in
pytest-selenium==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.in
pytest-timeout==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/e2e.in
pytest-variables==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   pytest-selenium
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/e2e.in
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   django
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
    #   pyjwkest
    #   pytest-base-url
    #   pytest-selenium
    #   slumber
selenium==3.141.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/e2e.in
    #   pytest-selenium
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwkest
    #   tenacity
slumber==0.7.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-rest-api-client
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
tenacity==6.3.1
    # via pytest-selenium
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pytest
typing-extensions==4.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
    #   selenium
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
